---
title: you
date: 2011-10-29 02:36:00 +0500
layout: post
---
I don’t remember seeing you before.

Where did you come from?

You, the greatnesses and your majesties. The ones who get a dozen friend requests and a thousand Likes a minute. The ones that were special guests on that party. How did you get him to take your photo? Where do you get all these subscribers to your unique blogs and profiles filled with your amazingly profound thoughts? How do you attract everyone? How are all your friends so crazy about you? Do you use love potion instead of perfume, cologne, shampoo and conditioner? Do you wear a magnet instead of a belt buckle? Has anyone ever saw you take a dump?

Where did you come from, you, the managers? You, to whom people report. You know the people and the ways and the other ways and the anyways. When did you obtain this experience? When did you build this charisma? Is it your scent? Is it your body language? Is it your past? A little bit of all? How do you end up becoming this talented decision maker, with unprecedented and unmatched intuition?

Were you brought to this wretched world by a mom, and a dad? Was your inception natural? Where did you come from, you – the worthy? The eloquent? You, the witty and the intelligent? How do you know it all? Where did you read it? Do they sell these books? Do they sell this time? Do they sell these brains? Do they sell these motives? Do they sell these you?

When did you learn all these wonderful words, and all these languages that enchant the ear? How do you write these great stories, poems, prose, songs, and chat messages? Why do you write them? Why do you write them so beautifully?

What did you see when you were kids, you, the stylish? You, the tasteful? The elegant? You, who know the differences between a Fillet mignon and Penderecki, and find that difference to be so delicate? What was it that shaped you, the pure and the magnificent you that you are?

Who put those crazy attractive faces on your heads, with those insane volume of brains inside? Why did he do it? What was he trying to prove? To whom? For what?

You, who take a shower every day and brush your teeth and wear something different only to find yourself even more stylish and more fresh than you were today? You, with these scarves that match your socks, and with these socks that match your moods, and with these moods that match your scarves? This match that doesn’t match, but then it really does. How do you do that? Where do you find that? How do you pay for that scarf that’s a million dollars in Switzerland, annoying your beloved one in such a cute way? How did you find out that they don’t trade with dollars in Switzerland?

How do you find this money, you, the mighty, the entrepreneurials, the ones with the drive and the inspiration and the motivation and the enthusiasm and passion and all these other things I don’t believe in, and all these things you wouldn’t believe in if you had no money? How do you drive those cars? How do you buy those houses? How do you rent those other houses? How do you advise the Presidents? What the fuck is it that you do? Who the fuck is it that you do?

How do you do them for twenty five times in one night, and some extra, and then some more, you, the extraordinary? How are you so creative in bed? How do you last so long? How do you cum so hard, so fast and so often? Do you take pills? Is it because you did not experience enough of the opposite sex, or is it because you yourself are a result of similar sexual performance? How do you fuck so great, and how do you fuck up so great? How can you fuck up like that?

Where the hell do you come from?

You, who get these smiles and these waves, and who smile back and wave back. You, the polite. You, the cheering. You, the green light. You, the honest. You, the sincere. You, the balanced. The always-stylish-hair. The open-minded. The empathetic. The tolerant. The willing. The alpha. The Man. The Woman. The care. The looks. The feels. The smiles. The sad. The life.

You are starting to look convincing! And you, the worthy, the divine, do you know that you are breaking me? Do you understand what it is to break a real fucking human being? You, the understanding?

You, the prime. The smart. The rich. The healthy. You, the awesome, you’re convincing me. And you’re breaking me. And you fucking win.