---
title: է
date: 2011-05-03 04:41:34 +0500
layout: post
---
> Every night and every morn,  
> Some to misery are born,  
> Every morn and every night,  
> Some are born to sweet delight.

> Some are born to sweet delight,  
> Some are born to endless night…

Hopeless. Doomed to be me, till the end of my days and maybe more, forever.

Could have been different, but could it really?

I am in the process of giving up. Dreams, plans, faith, beliefs, principles, opinions, desires, tastes, none of these matter. None ever did. Like a child born in some terrorist organization’s family, raised from day zero to blow himself up when he turns 26 for the virgins in the afterlife, I was doomed to be here now, who I am, albeit the complexity of the path. Komitas, a motorcycle and a wreck of a life. The child could not be blamed for the family he was born in and I no longer blame anyone for anything.

I give up everything because none of it ever really mattered. None of it helped. It only poisoned. My achievements were doomed to happen to me, and so were my failures. I was born in this body and with this mind, a little like my mom and a little like my dad. I chose my profession because anyone else would in my shoes. I studied as Areg would, worked as Areg would, succeeded and failed as Areg would. I made the choices I would. I have the voice I would, the color of the eyes I would and the ability to think that I would. I am as hard-working as I would be, as attractive, as lazy and as ugly. Exactly as much as I would be, not a tad less and not a tad more. I am writing this as I would, and I feel great wisdom in this. It hurts because I hardly ever felt so helpless.

It is too late for me now, and I give up. I know a lot of people and I’m like none of them. Some left through universities, some left through work, some left through marriage, and some left illegally. Some stayed and succeeded in business, some stayed and succeeded in politics, some stayed and succeeded in being popular in the small pond. But these fucking games were not for me to play, or moreover to win. I failed. Go praise yourselves for the circumstances that were not up to you, all the way down to your DNA and to the first word you heard when you came to this wretched world. You, circumstance-changers that can’t even make a single hair on your body grow the way you want it to. Oh how sweet and how poisonous is this feeling that everything is in your hands. Yes, you are in control, and you are to get the praise for all your achievements. Go masturbate in the corner.

“Be” is the word. Not even “yourself” is needed. You can’t really be anything or anyone else anyway. And of course “would”. I be. I would.

But it is important now that nothing is important anymore, and you can not break that which is already broken.

Hurt that which is careless.

Kill that which has no life.
