---
date: 2014-04-08 21:21:00 +0500
layout: post
---
Well, Tom and Dick, American citizens, knew how to code, but had not been able to find a job. Tom failed the drug test. Dick didn’t know how to write the algorithm for identifying douchebags while working for a dating site. He was let go. Raj was hired in his place, who copied snippets of 4 different algorithms from Stackoverflow.com and somehow made them work by putting in 24 hours of straight work. Dick wanted work life balance. Raj thought work was life. Steve, Raj’s boss, still didn’t like him because of his poor communications. He fired Raj and hired Harry, who had great communication skills and wrote ninja-level code. However, Harry was an expensive resource, but the company needed him, so they let Steve go and hired Raj back in, because they had too many Project Managers not doing anything and they needed more coders. Raj was happy to have a job, great money, Green card in processing and two cute kids. What Raj didn’t have and what he wanted was the drop dead gorgeous blonde that lived next door. But the blonde wasn’t into Raj so Raj was sad. Blonde loved Steve and once made out with Harry, but Steve and Harry were sad because they didn’t have the money that Raj was making. Mark, owner of Facebust, had money and girls, but he got married way too early, and his company had recently acquired Wazzup for 18 billion, so he was sad for not being able to monetize it. The founder of Wazzup up was sad as he thought he should have put a bigger sale price on the table.

The point is, no one is happy. Life isn’t fair. Grow a pair. Work with what you have. Be the best in what you do. And you will have a job. No matter what the H1B cap is. 10 years ago, most of these valley jobs in social media and such didn’t even exist at this scale. And if you’re really particular about the “Made in USA” policy, take your clothes off, as I bet your wrinkly ass, your clothes are from Bangladesh, and that laptop you work on was made in china. Globalization suckers. We all are victims of it. And beneficiaries. Live with it.
