---
date: 2014-02-22 12:30:35 +0400
layout: post
---
Beauty is them. Beauty is their haircut. Their faces. Their shoes. Their clothes. Beauty is confident. Beauty is right, and what now? Beauty is a second chance. A third chance. An always chance. Beauty is cruel. Beauty is awesome. Beauty is that car you’ll never own. Beauty is an opportunity. Beauty is that phrase, you didn’t know what it meant. Beauty doesn’t need to be spelled. Beauty is all you care for. Beauty is rich. Beauty appreciates single malt. Beauty is appreciated. Beauty is a given. Beauty is posh. Beauty is on that magazine you’re bitching about. Beauty is unforgiving. Beauty is unique. Beauty is not having to choose clothes, because everything fits sexy. Beauty is the reason you’re sorry. Beauty is doing great, how are you? Beauty is paid six digits and doesn’t have to spend it, because you will spend your five. Beauty affords having no mercy. Beauty affords moving on. Beauty has time. Beauty affords making mistakes. Beauty will get away with it. Beauty is strong because nobody tries to make it weak. Beauty is simple. Beauty is focused. Beauty doesn’t have to. Beauty is joyful. Beauty is a bold statement, and fuck you. But beauty is nice, because fuck you again. Beauty is badass. Beauty is in your mind, depressing you and pushing your core buttons. Beauty is your helplessness. You can’t cope with it. You can’t go around it. You can’t ignore it. You can’t harm it. You’re screwed. Beauty is your day, ruined. Beauty is what you’re trying, but you’re doing it wrong. Because beauty is effortless. Beauty is what you’d have given everything to be. But beauty needs nothing you have.